# BGP-Simulation-
C# project with async sockets and 10 routers

This was my first network programming experience and it was challenging task for me. Where I got an opportunity to learn more about network programming. It also helped me to make my understanding deeper in the router and routing implementation. It was difficult and I had many problems when I worked in this project with multiple threads. This helped me to understand more about the thread safety. Before this project I had some experience in using C# dictionary class but I have never encountered the thread safety problem. But during this project I had that issues which helped me to learn about C# concurrent dictionary. Similarly in my previous coding experience I had never used asynchronous programming module. It was difficult in the beginning but it was also another good learning experience that I have had during this project. Since, it was a group project and if our group members had worked together then, maybe we could have finished those further improvement section also. It was a big project for me while doing it individually but I feel good about it when I think about the things that I have learned while doing this project. At the time of writing this conclusion of this project I realised that it was a nice project which helped me to realise the complexity of protocol processing. It also helped me to get some experience of protocol processing while writing the code by following RFC 4271 documentation.

#Further improvement
All the basic implementation of the BGP protocol have been implemented in this project. But some of the tricky portion like implementing path vector, trust between the routers, routes aggregation, all the different BGP error handling are still missing in this project. The implementation of sending actual IPV4 packet with the destination address and the actual part where routers of AS uses BGP protocol to route the packet to the destination address is also missing. In the same way as I have mentioned above the dynamic initialization of sockets according to the numbers of router in mesh topology might be important part improve the project. I have written the notification message to handle all the error situation and FSM is also ready to trigger those necessary events but I have not implemented for all of those situation. Similarly the portion where we need to shut down the router from the foreign host of same AS, has not been implemented exactly according to the BGP documentation. These are the most important sectors for the further development of this project.

